thurs I came to text u many times , abt things I had to tell u , but u dint giv a fuck , n everytime I texted u hi , you would respond with wht work ur doing . n I was okay with it atleast ur telling me wht ur doing, but after ur work is done theres no follow up back like my work is done or whatever , I have to again keep checking time to time to knw if ur free now. okay all that is fine elvin . fri I came to meet u morning , ok u scolded me for a valid reason n I take it . I went home n tht day too same thing whenever I came to text u , u had ur own work going on , n there was no follow up back to know y I texted , n that night u had no intrest in talking either . n I had to just shove everything up my ass . u know I also noticed that u treat me differently on the days we get to be physical with each other n on the days we dnt get to. when was the first time u shouted at me this month . it was that top house night. I used to spend everyday with u , n u know Im afraid to take my moms calls in the day but that day u expected me to take her call at the ngt, n that night when I was so tensed , u scolded me for not being able to take my moms call so late in the ngt. when u know I cnt take my moms calls in the day u expected me to take it in the ngt . I was so stressed n afraid of what will be the situation when I reach home. n my whole auto journey u scolded me . first of all I hadn't even signed up for this after party thing that u all were planning n I had told u In the afternoon also when we had gone to Suvarna for checking for rooms. that ngt instead of helping me get home when u knew I wanted to get home . u made it even more hard for me to get home by making everyone sit there n plan after party. tht ngt u could've supported me n helped me get home but u made it hard for me to get home n even scolded me there Infront of everyone. and tht day in the rick I didn't say anything to u because I was so stressed abt getting home n taking my moms call. after I reached back I texted u so much n u didn't reply or anything. I texted u sorry that day. n along the lines of that. I couldn't sleep that night n after viola n hansie fell asleep I went to the hall n cried myself waiting for u to reply. the next day I had no face to show u . I was so afraid to cm meet u guys. u somewhat spoke to me in the evening and again when we went decathlon n that thing happened u started being off with me . after u dropped me home . I again texted u so much n cried myself to sleep.n u hadn't opened my chat for 2 hours so I knew u were done with me n I had gone all down thinking ive let u down again today n I turned my phone off n drew something on my laptop n cried for hours. the next time when u scolded me was this Friday ok that was valid I didn't feel bad abt it. but again observe , we didn't hv the chance to get physical or anything tht day . n later that ngt when I texted u because I had something to share , u had no intrest to knw what it was. n I had texted u on ur android a couple of times tht day ,u didn't even open my chat , leave leaving it on read. but at the same time u had sent me reels around the same time. so ofc how am I supposed to feel abt all this. morning u scold me n then evening u dnt even open chat n u dnt want to knw anything either. so Saturday morning I was gonna text the usual gm but then I wanted to know if u really care to knw anything at all. morning u texted me a hi yo?. n from my late reply I thought u would care a little n ask me wt was wrong. but after tht after u reached back home u didn't care to say anything. leave asking what happened u didn't even text me a hi. u knew that I was off , but u didn't care to ask or know how I was doing.. I just have to shove up my feelings in my ass. n YES I AM SCAREd OF YOU. because whenever uve been off abt anything , me or anything, I punish myself for doing what I did , n I keep texting u to knw whats going on with u n a hundred sorrys. but when im off, u dont giv a fuck.  whenver ive said something to u , u have a great defense mechanism so ull just defend what u did. 
Decemeber was the worst month for me.
from the day u had told me tht luiza is in goa too, which was 1st of dec. i couldnt sleep at ngt . i rem that first week of dec , i used to go through luizas acc. n her whole fam n friends acc n cry myself every ngt. after a few days i told u tht i wanted to talk to u abt this n that ive not been feeling good but we nvr spoke abt it n i could nvr tell u completely abt hw i was feeling.n everytime even a little i told u , u would say smthin like see im not gonna meet her , im just gonna meet her for christmas n all tht.
but the second week we had a thing. n u were frustrated abt new yr party with me n u had scolded me for tht , ok again a valid scold np with u scolding me . but jus knw tht everytime u scold me im just gonna be scared of u more n more . n im not complaining abt u scolding me , but after u scold me i feel scared to tell anything to u or talk to u abt anythin even days after that.so this second week was also the bryan adams thing. n u were frustrated with me that day , thats what u told me , n so u went for bryan adams . tht day afternoon when i had called u , u had said tht luiza had called u for it. n u told me u didnt want to go. but evening suddenly u just called me n u told me tht ur goin for it. next day i had an exam , i hadnt studied that whole day bcz something was feeling off, n after u had told me tht luiza callled u afternoon , i had completely lost my mind to it. i cried myself tht whole ngt while tht whole time u were in the concert. n i was on instagram the whole time to see if they posted anythin . u came back u told me u met her . even if it was a small conversation tht u guys had . my head was lost for it . next day i came out of my exam hall in 30 mins. i came back u told me abt the new year thing n what was going on. all tht happpened . so after tht I couldn't say how I felt abt bryan adams bcz I had let u down so much.
third week , u went to meet luiza one on one, i was scared to tell u no for this because i had put u in so much trouble for the new year thing. i felt i had no right to say anything , n i should let u do whatevrr makes u happy. so u went for luiza u guys went sijoys the whole time it was fucking my head like mad. 
after this fourth week i came to goa. n u wanted to call her to sijoys cafe again. i didnt say anything bcz the previous day u did so much for me n my family, i felt it was the least i could do for u.u wanted to introduce me to her , but i was scared as hell to even see her cause i knw she is 100times better than me .  the whole journey to the cafe n being in the cafe i was anxious as hell. my heart was racing like mad , i was scared to face her. i knew she was far better than me and if she came to the café she would speak n I wouldn't be able to utter a word Infront of u both. n i was just trying so hard to be there. tht ngt when dropping me to the bus stand , u got her call , n i didnt say anytthing because right after tht u scolded me for not knowing where to go in that bus stand where i was standing for the first time in.
2 days after tht u went to her house for her fathers bdy , u drew in her ipad , im sure she has saved it . u went to her house for Christmas finally .except this Christmas meet up everything else was a fuck all time for me.
u met her again to give her suitcase back , she came to ur house.
yeah so that was decemeber for me.my new year resolution was not going to go to luizas acc. or anyones acc. to look for her.n im really glad ive not . I used to like her until December but now I hate her. 
she replies u on each story u put. u flex her In every joke u make. n u make sure u mention her to every person u meet
so ofc im bothered n it affects me a lot n u do tht Infront of me only so im sure inside u think much more than that OF HER.
And December really proved that she is your backup. and you are hers. cause I dnt think anyone would meet their ex so many times even if they were single. n u met her so many times even though u had a gf who was bothered by it. I dnt even feel like u guys broke up 2 years ago by the way u talk abt her.its like u broke up 2 months ago.
even keona I told u im not feeling good abt what she sends u but u defend it n say she is your friend n that she sends such things . I log out of your Instagram after I watch the things she sends u. last week I saw,it was all sex reels. I dnt think I would send any boy sex reels just like that , I would send them if I liked them or I am hinting for them to be comfortable with this. … 
now all this I had shoved it up my ass n everything bothers me still. 
when we go out to have food , your on your Instagram n I have anxiety so when ur on your Instagram I feel very anxious just sitting there stairing at the menu . the other day when I came to meet u , as soon as I sat on the bed . u went to the corner made yourself a comfortable spot under ur blanket n went on Instagram. I feel u n keona would do really great partners cause both of u love sending each other reels. n again dnt deny , u like her , maybe u dnt like somethings abt her, but by the way she is sending u reels , when she is gonna be back in goa n when u all are gonna go out , since she is comfortable sending such reels to u , she wil be comfortable to talk to u abt it too, n u all will have ur moment with it , n ull like everythting abt her n thts how it goes.n uve said she ll be a great mother. you've said both keona n luiza would be great as mothers. 
you call me childish for eveyrhting that I do , I think keona n luiza would do pretty mature things for u , n they are far better than me. 
THeway I texted u for the past 2 days is how u text me on an average day, even if somethings wrong or something isn't. U make me wait for u to even open my chat n during that time I only doubt myself for what I did wrong. n by the time u reply to me I just feel glad tht u have replied now n I chuck what I was feeling. ik when u are busy n u have work/class or doing something n u dont text me. but there have been many times when uve been all free n all on your phone but u dnt giv a fuck to reply or even open my chat n ull just say something n leave it . Friday u were like we meet everyday theres nothing to talk. I hope u know tht we meet everyday n only do physical stuff .Thers ntg we talk.but thers so much in my head tht I cnt talk to u abt , n hv to jus shove it in me. n also I saw u dint care to text or anything for 2 days , made me realise cz u hv ntg to loose . u hv keona n luiza n as many backups as u want.
n I came to see u on Friday because I was feeling low on Thursday n I wanted to see u. 

 